Ico 0.98
  This release highlights:
    - Add bars_overlap option
    - Upgrade to Raphaël 2.0.1

  The complete list of changes:
    - Bars: add bars_overlap option
    - Upgrade to Raphaël 2.0.1
    - Bezier curves: fix control points for zero values
    - Add test case for line graph and a straight line with curve amount != 0
    - clear(), test this.paper, allows to call clear() on a cleared or not initialized graph
    - Fix related to issue #3 if all values are zero.

Ico 0.97
  First version without Prototype library dependency, however this disables the mouse_pointer option:
    - This is because the mouse pointer requires Element.viewportOffset that
    - is not yet implemented without prototype

  The complete list of changes:
    - Encapsulate de and ug() as local varaible to global function.
    - Fix issue #3: Line chart unable to handle data array with all equal values.
    - Disable mouse_pointer draw() if Ico.viewport_offset is not defined - e.g. if prototype.js is not defined.
    - Allow customization of Element.viewportOffset as Ico.viewport_offset.
    - Remove Prototype dependency
    - Allow to specify dot radius and focus radius per line.
    - Change raphael.js to non-min version that fails in IE8, remove IE7 compatibility mode.
    - Upgrade Raphael to version 1.5.2 from 1.3.1, fixes IE9 issues.
    - Allow intermitent series where some points are not defined.
    - Adjust min and max in Ico.series_min_max() to show zero if reasonable.
    - This can be disabled by setting to true the second parameter (dont_adjust).

Ico 0.96
  This release:
    - displays labels (or long labels if defined) and series names in status bar on mouse over.
    - allows hide, show and toggle the display of individual series.
    - displays values using SI multiples
    - allows the display of graphs in lines or colluns of graphs
    - performence testing with Google Chrome Frame
  
  The complete list of changes:
    Upgrade Raphael to version 1.3.1.
    
    Allow Positionning options for status bar.
    
    Protect significant_digits_round() against +/- Infinity and very small numbers (< 1e-13) that is zero.
    
    Throw exception when no value is provided in the series. Throw excepton when unsupported format is provided
    in the series.
    
    Reduce displayed value to their scientific powers of 1000, displaying the following SI prefixes:
    '', 'k', 'M', 'G', 'T', 'P', 'E', 'Z', 'Y' for positive powers up to e+24 (Yotta), or the e+-power
    notation for negative powers and powers above 24. Note that deos not work for SI weight measures (kg).
    
    for the powers 
    Provide graph functions:
      - hide_serie( i ) to hide serie i
      - show_serie( i ) to show serie i
      - toggle_serie( i ) to toggle (hide /show) serie i.
    These functions will throw 'Undefined serie' if i is out of range.
    
    Provide helper function Ico.moving_average() to calculate a moving average serie from another serie plus
    optional previous values. Values are rounded to 3 significant digits and formated as strings for display.
    
    Allow display of aligned lines and columns of graphs sharing the same value range and labels:
      - Add a line of 2 dependent graphs in test suite.
      - Allow to overide min and max values in options.
      - Provide helper function Ico.series_min_max() to calculate the min and max value over multiple series.
      - Add labels padding to graph padding only if labels or value_labels option 'add_padding' is true (default).
        To align graphs, one needs to set add_padding to false.

    Change default padding for BaseGraph to top: 15, bottom: 10, left: 10, right: 10.
    
    Fix value labels padding calculation when labels are not defined.

    Allow undefined labels, these are not displayed but markers are still displayed if defined.
    
    Tests (index.html) with Google Chrome Frame (GCF) installed shows a 7-fold speed improvement over IE8
    with IE7 compatibility and over 14-fold speed boost compared to IE8 without IE7 compatibility:
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="chrome=1">. To allow both IE7 compatibility when GCF
    is not installed, and GCF when installed use the following meta tag:
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=EmulateIE7,chrome=1">

Ico 0.95
  This release is a major pre-1.0 release adding many features, fixing bugs, improving the
  API, and DRYing up the code for improved maintainability, componentization and optimization.
  
  This release contains non-backward compatible (NBC) changes listed bellow as "NBC API change".
  These changes were necessary to ensure the most logical and intuitive API for version 1.0.
  After version 1.0 all API changes will ensure backward compatibility.
  
  Refer to the documentation for up-to-date API information.

  The complete list of changes:
    Format values with units when showing values on mouseover on dots, bars and average line.
    
    NBC API Change: Allow to specify bullet graphs target attributes: length, color, stroke-width. The
    previous way of specifying target_color as a separate parameter is no longer supported.
    
    Fix VML text positioning so that it matches SVG's baseline and avoid text getting out of its
    bounding box.
    
    Boost IE8 VML rendering performance by adding IE7 compatibility meta-header in index.html:
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=EmulateIE7" />
    Rendering speed is improved by 30% to 40% with IE7 compatibility mode. This only affects
    IE and is ignored by all other browsers. With this improvement, IE8 is only twice slower than
    Firefox and 2.7 times slower than Safari.
    
    Revisit value labels calculation to properly calculate the maximum number of steps based on actual
    min and max text with optional units and one spacing character for adjacent (<30 degrees) and 1.5
    character hight for stacked labels (>60 degrees).
    
    Revisit longest label calculation to find the actual largest label bounding box by drawing all labels
    at the time of calculation. For optimization purposes, drawn labels are not removed and only
    translated, anchored and rotated in draw().
    
    Try / Catch errors in components to ease component debugging.
    
    Graph font attributes inherit from containing DOM element by default enabling CSS configuration of
    graph font attributes. Labels fonts inherit from graph but can now be set independently for labels
    and value labels. Allow font-size attributes to be set using the entire range of units allowed in
    CSS.
    
    Draw series from graph coordinates instead of canvas coordinates to DRY-up the code a bit more.
    Eventually we should be able to provide drawing functions independent of orientation.
    
    Fix cubic B&eacute;zier control points to allow smooth transitions using the previous to last and
    current points to calculate the first control point and previous and next points to calculate the
    second control point. The current implementation provided improbable curves when points followed
    the same upward or downward trend.
    
    Enable configuration of remaining line graphs attributes. Change default dot radius to 3
    and focus radius to 6.
    
    Bar graphs: prevent full bar overlap with multiple series
    
    Allow to specify grid and grid_attributes in Labels or ValueLabels while still allowing the
    global attributes. Attributes defined at the component level have higher precedence, allowing
    to override global attributes. This allows to specify label and value labels grid independently.
    
    Set minimum bar width to 5 pixels.
    
    Change calculate_value_step() to label_slots_count() to unify labels step calculation.
    
    DRY this.graph.x.start_offset, this.bar_width, and this.bar_base calculations for bars into Ico.Base.
    Eventually this will go into a bar serie class.
    
    NBC API change: Allow marker_size to be defined independently in labels and value_labels
    components hash, marker_size is no longer available in basic graph options.
      
    Exchange direction, labels. padding, and angle, attributes between this.x and this.y
    to improve code clarity and maintainability, thus removing one parameter from
    Ico.Component.Labels.draw_labels_grid()
      
    Allow more or less value labels according to orientation and angle.
    
    Workaround <span> IE bug when displaying text (e.g. labels) in Raphael paper. This workaround
    requires to use a <div> instead of a <span>.
    
    Fix value label precision for values with zero decimals.
    
    Allow up to 2 significant digits value steps limited to the following rounded-up values:
    1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90
    These steps are chosen to that one of their multiples inferior or equal to 10 is part of the set of
    allowed steps.
    
    Series can now be provided as an Array of Arrays. This new method allows to fix the drawing order
    of series which is guarantied to be first to last. This allows to control which serie is drawn on
    top of which other serie. The other methods ( single value, array of values and hash of arrays )
    are still available but the hash of arrays method is deprecated and will be removed before version 1.0.
    
    NBC API change: Move units from value_labels component to Ico.Base, because units are linked to
    series values and should be available for tooltips even if no value label is displayed.
      
    Fix rounding error between highlight circle center and sparkline dot.
    
    Highlight bar in sparkbars instead of dot.
    
    Unify draw_series() for all graphs in Ico.Base.
    
    Migrate much of Ico.BaseGraph to Ico.Base to unify behavior and enable all components on all graphs.
    
    Allow value labels for bullet graphs.
    
    Rename Ico.VERSION to Ico.Version.
        
Ico 0.94
  This pre-1.0 stable release contains many bug fixes, new features and API changes from the original
  version by Alex Young.
    
  The complete list of changes: 
    Upgrade Raphael to version 1.2.8, remove path-methods as recommended from version 1.0.
    
    Allow to clear grpah canvas, typically to redraw in the same div..
    
    Display value label units, optional units_position allows to set units before values.
    
    Define components layers for calculations and drawing.
    
    Allow graph area background to display bad, satisfactory and good attributes as a gradient.
    
    Implement Stephen Few Bullet Graphs.
    
    Reorganize code, componentize grpah elements, remove redundant code.
    
    Allow all (path, labels, grid, background, meanline, ...)-attributes configuration.
    
    Display mouse pointer as a cross when in graph area.
    
    Display data values and mean value on mouse over in status area.
    
    Change data and meanline stroke attribute on mouse over.
    
    Provide svg_path class method to round pixel values and add separators only when needed.
    
    Test suite:
        Perform all tests on IE 8.0, Firefox 3.5, Opera 10.0, Chrome, Safari
        
    API Changes
    
    Fix and optimize value labels range / start and stop calculations:
        - Always display zero value when in value range
        - Find best (step, number of steps) pairs to minimize display range and emphasize data values
        - Design significant digits calculation class method with options rounding anomymous function
          and optional string output to prevent float precision conversion errors
        - Build value labels as strings instead of float
        - Fix value step to one significant digit
        - Fix value labels to two significant digits
        - Fix value labels precision to maximum precision of all value labels
        - Determine number of maximum steps based on actual graph width and labels size
        - Provide scale attribute to scale values to actual graph height
        
    Fix bars base value to start at zero when in range and display negative values in reverse direction.
    
    Allow to draw labels at an angle.
    
    Design function to properly calculate text display size in pixels.
    
    Fix bottom and left offset calculations using actual text size.
    
    Remove sort used to determine longuest labels, iterate through array instead.
    
    Fix sort comparison function to determine longuest labels.
    
    Numerous other bug fixes.
